# rollup-babel

## This project has been deprecated – please use [rollup-plugin-babel](https://github.com/rollup/rollup-plugin-babel) instead

----

## What?

A [Rollup](https://github.com/rollup/rollup)-[Babel](https://babeljs.io/) integration.

## Why?

Using Rollup *then* using Babel slows down development, because Babel is much quicker dealing with small files than large bundles. But using Babel *then* Rollup often means you include helpers (e.g. `classCallCheck`) multiple times.

Another problem: if you have external modules with a `jsnext:main` field, Rollup doesn't know that it needs to run them through Babel.

This is an attempt to provide the best of both worlds – really fast transpilation, with really high-quality bundling. (Also, because Rollup doesn't include what it doesn't need, you often end up running much less code through Babel in the first place.)

## Usage

Just like you'd use Rollup normally, except that the package name is `rollup-babel`. On the command line, use `rollupbabel`.

## Rough edges

* There's no caching mechanism. We need that for fast incremental rebuilds (i.e. all files are transpiled with Babel each time, whether they've changed or not)
* ~~No CLI~~
* ~~We're reimplementing a lot of stuff here. Rollup needs better hooks for module resolution, transformation, and manipulating the bundle (i.e. adding helpers)~~
* ~~Sourcemaps are not currently supported, because we're doing crude string manipulation and the map generated by Babel is discarded~~

## License

MIT
